doc: update the upgrade known issue (#464)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-1-2-to-v1-2-0.md

  - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3863#issuecomment-1539681311

---

### 8. Upgrade stuck in the `Post-draining` state

> If you encounter the `post-draining` state like the following figure, that might be stuck in the OS upgrade process.

Reviewer: Making Post-draining bold since it shows up in the UI. Lmk if this is not correct, thanks!

```
$ kubectl get pod --selector=harvesterhci.io/upgradeJobType=post-drain -n harvester-system
# you will see the post-drain job, should be named `hvst-upgrade-xxx-post-drain-xxx`

# Then you could check the logs with the following command:
$ kubectl logs -n harvester-system pods/hvst-upgrade-xxx-post-drain-xxx
```

Suppose you see the following error in the logs. That will hit the issue caused by incomplete `state.yaml`.
```
Flag --directory has been deprecated, 'directory' is deprecated please use 'system' instead
INFO[2023-09-13T12:02:42Z] Starting elemental version 0.3.1             
INFO[2023-09-13T12:02:42Z] reading configuration form '/tmp/tmp.N6rn4F6mKM' 
ERRO[2023-09-13T12:02:42Z] Invalid upgrade command setup undefined state partition 
elemental upgrade failed with return code: 33
+ ret=33
+ '[' 33 '!=' 0 ']'
+ echo 'elemental upgrade failed with return code: 33'
+ cat /host/usr/local/upgrade_tmp/elemental-upgrade-20230913120242.log
```

Harvester upgraded the elemental-cli to the latest version. It will try to find the `state` partition from the `state.yaml`. If the `state.yaml` is incomplete, it will have a chance to fail to find the `state` partition.

> The incomplete `state.yaml` will look like the following.
> ```
> # Autogenerated file by elemental client, do not edit
> 
> date: "2023-09-13T08:31:42Z"
> state:
>     # we are missing `label` here.
>     active:
>         source: dir:///tmp/tmp.01deNrXNEC
>         label: COS_ACTIVE
>         fs: ext2
>     passive: null
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The incomplete `state.yaml` will look like the following.

```yaml
# Autogenerated file by elemental client, do not edit

date: "2023-09-13T08:31:42Z"
state:
    # we are missing `label` here.
    active:
        source: dir:///tmp/tmp.01deNrXNEC
        label: COS_ACTIVE
        fs: ext2
    passive: null
```
```

> The simple workaround is removing this incomplete `state.yaml` file. (The post-draining will retry every 10 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove this incomplete `state.yaml` file to work around this issue. (The post-draining will retry every 10 minutes).

```

> 1. remount the `state` partition to RW
> 
>   ```
>   $ mount -o remount,rw /run/initramfs/cos-state
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remount the `state` partition to RW.

  ```bash
  $ mount -o remount,rw /run/initramfs/cos-state
  ```
```

> 1. remove the `state.yaml`
> 
>   ```
>   $ rm -f /run/initramfs/cos-state/state.yaml
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remove the `state.yaml`.

  ```bash
  $ rm -f /run/initramfs/cos-state/state.yaml
  ```
```

> 1. remount the `state` partition to RO
> 
>   ```
>   $ mount -o remount,ro /run/initramfs/cos-state
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Remount the `state` partition to RO.

  ```bash
  $ mount -o remount,ro /run/initramfs/cos-state
  ```
```

> Then, you should pass post-draining with the next retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After performing the steps above, you should pass post-draining with the next retry.
```

> - Related issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Related issues:
```
